# 2.2. Decentralized Identifiers and Verifiable Credentials

DIDs (Decentralized Identifiers) and VCs (Verifiable Credentials) discussed and specified by W3C (World Wide Web Consortium), are standards of degital identifiers and credentials that are independent from existing platforms.

* **DID**: DID is a standard for digital identifiers that can be managed by users themselves without a centralized administrator. This allows users to manage their own personal and organizational information, which was previously all managed by the platform, thereby enhancing privacy and security. In many cases, DIDs are stored in distributed ledgers such as blockchains, which are difficult to tamper with.
* **VC**: VC is a verifiable qualification or certification in digital form. Certificates, for example, degree certificates, driver licenses, and health certificates, etc., are issued in the form of VCs, and their authenticity is guaranteed by digital signatures. This facilitates the establishment of online credibility.

However, there are some issues when utilizing these as listed below:

* **Progress in standardization**: The international standardization process for DID and VC is being carefully pursued for widespread adoption and practical use, but on the other hand, it can be time-consuming and difficult to keep pace with technological advances.
* **Storage Implementation**: In DID specification, it is stated that data are stored in a data storage called verifiable data registry, but
* **Combination of DID and VC**: While DID and VC are under the same W3C project, they are independent from each other and have not been aligned to become a single specification. As a result, both DID and VC have the same functionality, which is redundant and expensive to implement.
