# 1. Introduction

Today, information technologies including the Internet have made it possible for us to transmit large amount of data to a large number of people at high speed. This has significantly accelerated social activities such as logistics, finance, and entertainment. On the other hand, it must be noted that we have paid a lot of things in compensation for the prosperous society, for example:

* Disappearance of local communities and loss of self-sovereignty through centralization
* Loss of value that cannot express on the Internet (i.e., equalization of value)
* Disconnection and conflicts between communities

We have discussed what we can do to break through the suffocating social structure covered with the Internet, in which information and wealth are concentrated only in a handful of people, and have concluded that the most effective way is to allow people to express themselves in both physical and cyber society by offering options that differ from the existing physical society. Specifically, by creating a system in which anyone can identify themselves and define an organizational entity containing an ecosystem of value, which can then be harmonized, it will be possible for anyone to engage in a system like a national entity on an equal basis, from those close to them to people all over the world. This will make it possible for anyone to build a community which is different from the correctness, authority, and value that are constructed in the current society, and a society which is more tune with each individual's ideology. In addition, when what was initially a single organization organically combines and couples, value is transferred and self-expression is achieved smoothly and unaware.

We named this system _ALMA_¹, which means "soul" in Spanish and "source of life" in Latin. The self is not regulated by a state or a company but is bonded with one's own soul. We aim to realize a society where people can choose value expression system centered on their own thoughts.

When ALMA eventually overrides the Internet and grows to cover the planet, all humanity will be able to belong to a group comfortable for them and express the value of themselves. We promise that there will be a new society that breaks free from the borders, conflicts, and oligopoly restrictions, and humanity will advance one step further.\
\
¹ While the project ”ALMA” has originally started as a research project of Digital Platformer Corp., we have decided to change its status to an open-source project to ensure future development. Therefore ALMA project is managed as an open-source project.

