# 5.3 Zero-Knowledge Proof (ZKP)

Zero-knowledge proof is a technique that allows another person to prove that the content of a statement conforms to certain conditions without disclosing knowledge. Specifically, it is an algorithm that does not require disclosure of any specific information related to the claim when one participant (the prover) proves to the other participant (the verifier) that a claim is true in an information exchange between two parties.

It has the following three main characteristics:

1. completeness. Completeness guarantees that the verifier will accept the assertion presented by the prover if it is true.
2. Soundness. Soundness guarantees that if the prover is dishonest and the claim is false, it is highly unlikely that the verifier will accept the claim.
3. Zero-Knowledge. Zero-Knowledge guarantees that the verifier obtains no secret information from the prover other than the information that the proposition is true.

The history of zero-knowledge proofs dates back to the 1980s. The first zero-knowledge proofs were proposed by Shafi Goldwasser, Silvio Micali, and Charles Rackoff.

There are several variations of zero-knowledge proofs, notably zk-SNARKs (Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive ARgument of Knowledge) and zk-STARKs (Zero-Knowledge Scalable Transparent ARgument of Knowledge) are well known in the blockchain industry.

In ALMA, it is assumed that a person has done something that satisfies a condition, such as "living at one of several specified addresses" or "voting for one of the candidates in an election," but what he or she has done is shared in a specifically confidential manner, for example.
