# 4.2.1 Case where definator and signer are the same

Consider a resident card is issued as an ALMA instance. In this case, both the definator (who defines a resident card schema) and the signer (who issues a resident card instance based on the schema) are a municipality. The resident card instance is authenticated by the municipality and used in the society.

**Registration Flow**

Below is a registration flow of a resident card instance.

1. A municipality defines a schema expressing address and store it in a region.
2. A user with ID gets the schema and puts data into it to create an instance, which is then stored in the nodes in the region.
3. The municipality confirms the content (i.e., the user's address) of the instance and signs it if the address is acceptable.

**Presentation Flow**

For example, an employer wants to look into a new employee's background. In this case, the employer does not need to the specific address of the employee, but needs to verify if the employee has a valid address that is authenticated by a municipality. All the employee has to do is to disclose only the existence of the address entered in the resident card instance. This presentation flow is explained as follows:

1. An employer sends a request to an employee for existence of the address.
2. The employee present the employer with the existence information of the address in the instance with his/her signature.
3. The employer verifies the content and concludes if the address exists without learning the specific content of the address.
