# 4.1 Genome

As an example of a use case for ALMA, it can offer ID generation using the genome as one of the authentication methods to link ALMA and humans. This will increase the accuracy of identity verification and at the same time realize a more convenient society by linking IDs with desired information from genome data, such as allergy and disease information, according to the wishes of the individual.

SNPs (single nucleotide polymorphisms) in the genome are important elements that indicate genetic differences between individuals. Based on these SNPs, cryptographic keys for ALMA authentication can be generated. Currently, it is necessary to send saliva or other samples to a specialized institution in order to read SNPs, but in the future, it is hoped that portable terminals will be able to analyze genomes.

It is also expected to be applied in the medical field. The genome contains information on a person's constitution, and partial disclosure of genome information to physicians will enable precision medicine that can prescribe the best treatment for that person.

On the other hand, information on genetic traits, birth, and lineage contained in the genome is extremely sensitive information that could lead to various forms of discrimination if leaked. The ALMA system is designed to make it difficult for a thief to steal genome information even if a user's device is stolen. ALMA also prevents genome information from being held by a single company and enables self-sovereign management of genome information.
